what's up gamers my name is joel and
you're watching the app check and I got
a nice little application for you today
called Kingdom I was about to say kaboom
then kingdoms of Camelot a battle of the
north and it is published by Kabam it is
a free download oh I just got a message
from my wife and it's gonna set you back
about fourteen point six megabytes so
very small download nothing too big
there at all you can get it on the
iPhone and the iPad and it's a city
building styled game guys very evany
type game if you like anything where you
have to you know sort of build a city
and wait as things upgrading that sort
of thing this is a game for you on
another note I have to show you this
quickly because it is just awesome this
is my new phone cover how cool is that
right
very very cool got on eBay okay back to
the review so I've been playing this for
about three weeks
been meaning to do a review on it but I
wanted to get to a bit of a higher level
so I can show you most things I'm a
little 23 right now and yeah so just as
you as you can see his other like the
resources and everything very similar to
other city building type games here you
can see all my barracks lined up the
more bags you have the quicker you going
to build troops so we're gonna go in
here I'm just gonna check out some of
the troops you can have supply throughs
militant man arches pikemen swordsman
cavalry supply wagons ballista battering
rams catapults that's pretty standard
there's a couple of other sort of
buildings and stuff I won't go through
all them because like I said if you
fight on these games before you're gonna
know it what it's all about if you
haven't basically what you start off
with this is all blank the only thing
you have is this building right here
this is your your castle or a lot of
places call it like your city center or
whatever like whatever you know they
want to call it and use you build all of
these buildings yourself so just for an
example you click on that and you decide
what you want to build I can only build
a cottage in a bag so I now have built
everything else but you go
to it you'll hit build and you'll see a
little time a pop up just like this here
and you can say the time there I've
actually got one day in seven hours and
five hours because they're actually
quite high level things that I'm
upgrading right now you go outside the
the castle so this is sort of outside
your castle walls and you can build
things to get your resources so over
here we got farms that's going to make
food for my troops in the middle we've
got some all mines here some stone mines
and some wood saw woods what am I
talking about
I can't even click on sawmills that's
what I'm trying to say sawmills so
basically the more of these buildings
that you have out here the quicker
you're going to generate resources and
resources are used from everything to
building buildings to making troops now
you can see down here I've got a
training bar I've got a building bar and
I've got a much bar now that with the
match bars for I'll show you when I say
bar I mean timer now this is my building
right here on a massive massive world
this you could just scroll around
forever on this world and it just keep
going so basically all of these are
other players in the world it's all real
time and you can choose to attack these
people so I'm going to attack this guy
here he's a noob and I said I suspect
he's actually not active so these are my
heroes ranking I got a level seven or
level two that is not high at all
because I haven't I haven't leveled
these guys up I'm just gonna select this
guy here so ball in the bold and okay
whatever and we're gonna send some
supply troops militant men and a couple
of supply wagons with him the supply
wagon supply troops are for carrying
resources back that I'm actually going
to raid from this porn noob over here
that's going to take two minutes they'll
get there they'll do their thing by
themselves and then it'll take two
minutes for them to march back so the
amount of time that it takes to match to
a certain spot is the same amount that
it's going to take to come back
different troops are actually quicker
than other certain triggers we'll start
there such as cavalry are going to be
quicker than guys on foot
you know catapult is gonna be slower
than guys on foot so we've got a mail
system down here
very good mail system where you can talk
to your Alliance and things I'm in an
alliance at the moment very active
alliance heaps of people help you if you
do play definitely recommend getting
into an alliance guys or you will get
picked off by the bigger dudes and
Alliance people can help you a lot so
you can see on this little tackier I got
like three thousand in gold 19,000 in
lumber and sixteen thousand or which is
not a big attack at all I've just been
farming little inactive players and
you've got quests to help you start off
when you start off there's this quest
we'll just question window he will just
be absolutely full of quests to help you
anyway
make sure you follow those quests
because as you complete things and you
spend resources your rewards for doing
that are more resources that you get
from the quests and you can progress
quite quickly quickly if you follow the
quest line items you can is as in just
about all free games you can pay real
money to buy items unfortunately the the
gems which are the in-game currency are
extremely expensive it's like what is it
like that dollar for every oh I can't
remember I think it's like a dollar for
every five gems or every 10 gem every
ten gems a dollar every tangent that's
ridiculous that is just that's yeah you
know how I feel about the free
application is making you pay money to
get ahead but you know I guess they're
gonna make their money somehow free is
the way to go but yeah they're gonna
make any money so you also have a chance
which is once a day a lot of games do
this once a day you'll be able to sort
of roll the dice and get something free
from this Merlin dude so yeah here's my
Alliance tab so you can see all the info
on your Alliance and who's in it and
what your ranking is and all that sort
of jazz tons and tons of alliances we
got 253 pages of alliances and that's
just on this server I think they just
added a new server to this game if I am
not mistaken and yeah so I live chat
which is really cool global and alliance
so these are the dudes in my Alliance
right here if I'm get
I can come in here and say hey dudes you
know I'm getting hammered by
such-and-such and give them my location
and they can come and send me some food
or send me some resources or handle the
guy that's hammering me so yeah guys
that's that's about it I'm definitely a
good little game to pick up and have a
go it's something you can keep coming
back to and you know get get better at
the the level system doesn't really mean
much like the fact that I'm a level 23
doesn't really mean much it's sort of
just for bragging rights
might you get from building stuff and
creating units as well so if I guess
it's just a good way to see you know
whether you want to attack some of you
if you've got 12,000 might and you
attacked someone with three million
might yeah there's probably a good good
chance you kind of lose so it sort of
just helps you know how big the player
is I guess so you guys that's really
about it got any more questions about
the game leave a comment below and if
there's an application you would like to
see reviewed also let me know and I will
try to get to it thanks a lot guys catch
you later